Update The HTML Course (#1667)
enkidevs/curriculum: web/html/citation-elements/intro-bdo.md

  - obscura

links:

>   - '[MDN docs for bdo](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/bdo){documentation}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - '[HTML <bdo> Element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/bdo){documentation}'
```

The HTML `<bdo>`, or the **Bidirectional Text Override** element, is used to override the current directionality of text. This means that you can have text written in one direction, render and display in the opposite direction.

> This element has 1 element related attribute, `dir` and `dir` has 2 possible values, `ltr` and `rtl`.

Reviewer: this phrase is a bit of a mouthful. what do you think of this:

```suggestion
This element can have only one attribute, `dir`, with only 2 two possible values:```
